Subtitle Provide by dramacool.in Translator [Admin.@YNG]
difficult
promise
March 7th
one thousand eighty
ninety of the
Juanito
I love
This shouldn't have happened.
wait for me
we will meet again
our love
is again
writable
on the 4th day
opportunity
our love
is again
writable
on the 4th day
opportunity
eighteen ninety two
the year when
The association was established.
this is also the year
arrested
and doctor jose was exiled
Rizal in the field
blah blah blah
gosh i hate this class
so boring
When will this end?
before that happens
rizal first presented the laliga
Philippines
an organization that believes
in quiet and peaceful reform
but
just after
the few days
he was arrested
and it seems
it served
signal to the young people
revolutionary
that is not enough
call
reform
which is necessary
act
what the hell
What is that?
you two again
if you want
to wrestle
continue with
student
affairs office okay
Not in my class.
that one
how dare you
and where are you going
miss isabela
student
the first office
as you advised
sir
It is clear from the college's code of conduct
nagivaolate
you are the rules and regulations
i'm carmela
isabela
soon to be twenty
business management
student
cool right
but no i don't like any of this
I just followed dad's orders.
He plans to start a business.
guess who he wants to be in charge of it
yep me
great
I really want to give up.
if it weren't for this woman
si shay my best friend
turned mortal enemy
why
because everyone knows that someone has liked me for a long time
the boyfriend
his name is james
like i care
since then
I think he did it.
life mission to destroy
my life
but i don't wanna give her the satisfaction of college
dropout as
like no never
when this happens again
you will have a formal
disciplinary action
clear
How brave of you to walk out of class earlier?
lie
what if
Professor will drop you.
bernard ah
like duh
What is the point of history class?
Well, it's business management.
Let's go, of course.
What can we use that for now?
carmela
there's a saying
that those who don't learn from history
are doom
to repeat it
mm mm tama
scary grabe
ha ha alam mo
if I were you
Just make up for it next week.
in our group reporting
That's about the history of San.
alfonso
Don't you have relatives there?
yes, oh
next week eh
My birthday is next week.
oh well
I haven't been there in a while.
is a girl
stop
you know
You're even more unlikely to graduate.
when you get out of there
there
here mm mm
Do you believe in religion?
oh today carmela
This school of ours is from the seventeenth century.
since it was built
the quantity
who testified that
but
if you don't believe
okay then
You are passing by.
Maybe I have nothing to fear.
wow
nothing to fear
hey
carmela
will you be at my house
party tonight
everyone's gonna be there
not me
i didn't know you love reading history books
james what do you care
what about our past
together
our history
It's been a while since I moved on from the past.
and i hate
history
carmela
come on
hmmm
so obviously
hasn't moved on from you yet
james
I was just asking if I could go to his party.
as if someone is going, right?
we
I know.
I just plan to
Shay gets jealous and envious at James' party
but i don't care
How fun are you?
Why can you look now?
you will fight
You want trouble.
if he/she
I will not fight.
yes
oh yeah
ah
omg
how dare you
power
Are you okay?
You don't need me.
Help me.
I can do it myself.
I don't want to.
I see someone is being silly.
And why did you let him go?
and there are other ways to fight
and big
dad's expectation of me
i can't let him down
saying
You're just kidding because you haven't experienced it yet.
to be hurt
Don't you really have anything sensible to do?
You're only giving me headaches.
Can I have it, aunt?
not here
so now you are ashamed
you know how
Be shy when you are scolded outside.
but you don't care when you're embarrassed
you in your work
If only I knew you were like this
I shouldn't have taught you.
okay
yes of course
go try mo
hahaha
look
go lang
is beautiful
Who are you there?
by the way
is it just you
alone here
well
i have two younger sisters
but they will come home later
from school
parents mo
well my mom
passed away when i was eight
and then dad
He is always busy with work.
He comes home so late.
at least you
Your dad works.
going home too
me too
They are no longer the same.
That's why my aunt is the one who supports me.
Is that the one you were talking to earlier?
just in case you need it
will make you smile
I am here.
You can come home anytime.
I wish I hadn't taken you in.
I wish I had just let you live alone.
hi ate
jenny
Emily, why are you still awake?
you?
Where are you from?
ahmm
Dad, I just came from my friend's birthday party.
which friend
if you are shy
i thought
you and shay
were no longer friends
and also
mrs falcon
called me earlier
she said you and shane interrupted your philippine
history class
dad
it was just a petty fight
and this
tough time for that
actually
I just came from the library.
Well, I'm still studying.
so how do you explain this ha
Why are your grades going down?
okay i'm screwed
What happened to you leaving your computer open?
your school portal
there
I printed it.
why can't you be like your cousins
look at them
they're all successful
and you
you're left behind
oh no
memorize when
carmela
child
you know why i'm doing this
because
i care for you
always
good night dad
good night
yes, you two, huh
Go to sleep now.
Go to sleep, okay?
Just kidding.
i wish you were here mom
maybe things would be
different
i miss you
How much do we talk to you?
ha
more
I am not here.
mommy oh
carmela
go ahead
That's where Jenny's place is.
Okay, son, mommy.
Okay, son.
go ahead
carmela
you are the sister
want
always, okay?
carmela
really so
you are the sister
necessary
You are always the one who tolerates.
Isn't it just like nothing else?
ah
ha ha ha
if
again
It looks like she's about to give birth.
ah
mommy like
I think I'm going to give birth, mommy.
ah mommy
Isn't he cute?
daddy san po si mommy
daddy san si mommy
mommy
and
daddy
What's up, mom?
Daddy loves you very much.
just so
Mommy won't come home.
emily
eww is that your new facial mask
oh you want it
what the hell
That's right, right?
dad
Are you still angry with me?
child
i will never be mad at you
you know
daddy
rude
strict
but when I scold you
it doesn't
It means I don't love you.
I love you brothers and sisters so much.
ha ha
dad
Why are there suitcases?
outside
shall we leave?
Where are we going?
alfonso
Oh, Grandma Carmina.
because you are requesting
Let's go there before your birthday.
oh well, we're not spending the weekend there, are we?
Oh, I'll endure two days in the province.
Hey, you know it's been a while since we visited your grandmother.
ha
eh
I know
your mom will be happy
oh okay okay okay okay
Take that one.
Let's give a gift bag to your grandmother, okay?
Put it in the car, okay?
mm mm I'm just going up.
mm mm
Jenny, did you hear Dad?
Take the gift.
Put it in the car.
why me
oh, isn't it you?
ordered
child
You know what the ending is.
me again
I am also older than you.
Come on, let's read.
your trick
ate
Is there wifi here?
very
It's been almost twelve years.
When I last came here
I remember I was still here.
celebrated my seventh birthday
I have known you for a long time.
waited
jenny
Emily is beautiful.
yes
carmela
one two
three four five
serious
ten seconds
Gosh, what's wrong with grandma?
oh my david
oh
We have a greeting for you.
I'm still bothering
Come on, come in.
say
Why is that?
Grandma is looking at you.
I don't know.
Sister, do you know why?
why
They say you're ugly.
wow jenny
for us
nasa museum
Creepy is cool.
so
The things here are older than ours.
my gosh
Maybe this place is haunted.
That's why mommy said that.
He really pushed me to study in Manila.
when he went to college
because he feels like there's something going on in their house
ate oh
isn't it nice?
the beautiful
Come on, look at that.
Oh, what is that?
ate
mommy
oh
she is beautiful
what a shame, huh?
You haven't seen him/her.
hey don't be sad
At least you got mommy's beauty.
they are jenny he
he is a boy
We both got mommy's beauty.
oh that's it
Well, for sister Carmela
ah
like that
that's why
Grandma looks at you.
Oh, you are like that.
again
Do you like this, father?
yan si lucia
and his twin
they are children
my friend
that is choleng
They are the ones who help me here at home.
oh eat
you eat
oh that's merrily
oh emily
eat vegetables
oh vegetable
vegetable
vegetables huh
to
the last destination
you here
is when
seventh birthday mo pa
Do you remember Carmela?
the widow
and
I'm sorry.
We haven't been back here to visit you.
Don't understand that anymore.
We are talking on the phone.
hahaha
oh say
Take a sip.
and the food will get cold
oh why
Isn't it delicious?
and
I just remembered Carmenia.
like this
This is what his kaldereta tastes like
Really, dad?
This is what mommy does.
I taught him.
it's from the ancestors
We have his recipe.
you can do it
grandchildren
you need
learn
the cooking
of the cauldron
Alamonte Carlos
to pass
you in the next
generation
Hey Lola
Your last name isn't Monte Carlos, is it?
but
monte carlos is going to
the source
of our race
ah
so we are
muntecaros
so that won't change
even a few
generation
more has passed
so you can learn
cook
of the cauldron
below the na
of
the ugly
do I
I'm so beautiful.
This is grandpa.
Well, it's weird to look at me.
but in fairness it has
but
I bet this room is very
very classic
case like
oh, that's scary
This is grandpa.
Jenny and I were even separated from each other in our room.
Hey, I am.
mela
Pamela
the
I thought so.
Why aren't you sleeping yet?
It's still early, isn't it?
actually
Every midnight, I'm just on my way home.
is that so
widow
You are not sleepy yet.
not yet
okay, come with me
I have something to show you.
oh
oh my god lola
I just found out that there is a place like this
exists here in the mansion
oh my god
like him/her
national
library
oh
Jenny will be happy.
here because you know the passion for reading that
wow
oh
oh my god lola
like this like this
Those secret doors I see on the show are real.
oh my god
follow me
omg here
Is the treasure hidden?
lol
like gold
alahas or something
i can't breathe
heritage is waving
I'm getting rich.
come in
carmela
Don't be ashamed of yourself.
home
okay
I admit it.
a bit creepy
That's really grandma's smile
but with so many expensive things here
How much can I sell all of this for?
lola
Why did you bring me here?
Do you know what we brought here?
they are dad
they are jenny
they
emily
They will be happy to see you.
the tools
I want something.
introduce yourself to me
pah
to introduce
so no wealth
gosh
Is grandma hiding something?
hermit who wants me to be his friend
the love
we can rewrite
on the day of the 4th time
What, you almost got killed because of your foolishness?
eh ano to
You also collect old stuff.
mother
Where am I?
What place is this?
there is no other way
back to your time
if you don't finish your mission here
You and Juanito shouldn't stay together.
necessary
stop it
that he/she falls in love with you